@ I Love PYTHON
Boris Johnson has refused to resign in the wake of the Sue Gray report as another Conservative MP broke ranks to call for him to go.

Julian Sturdy, the MP for York Outer since 2010, said it was "in the public interest" for Mr Johnson to resign over Ms Gray's report, which was highly critical of failings of leadership and a culture of partying across Downing Street and Government during the pandemic.

Mr Sturdy said in a statement: ‘Talking to constituents, it is clear [that] discussions about parties in Downing Street remain a damaging distraction at a time when our country faces massive challenges with war returning in Europe, a global cost of living crisis, and our recovery from the pandemic being more important than ever."

Earlier, the Prime Minister faced a grilling at a press conference in Downing Street this afternoon as he repeatedly refused to comment on the conduct of senior officials who have been named in Ms Gray's report.

Mr Johnson said: "I don't think anybody could fairly say that what Sue Gray has done is to cover things up or put things under the carpet. It is a very thorough and extensive piece of work, it covers all sorts of events."

In the Commons, he had defended his brief attendance at leaving parties for civil servants and repeatedly rejected calls for him to resign having corrected the record over his previous claim "all rules were followed" in No 10 during Covid.
Brandon Lewis defended Boris Johnson this evening as he said the Prime Minister "does just connect with people in a way that most politicians just struggle to do".

He said changes had been put in place to ensure the "unacceptable" treatment of staff did not happen again, but added: "One of the things I do know is the Prime Minister himself has said there are things in the Sue Gray report that were news to the Prime Minister.

"He has apologised for that and he has been putting in place the changes that were recommended in Sue Gray's interim report. There has been quite a substantial change, I mean the Prime Minister changed his Chief of Staff. You don't get much more senior than that in politics."

Wes Streeting has accused Boris Johnson of lying "effortless and repeatedly" and claimed Conservative MPs are "completely spineless" over partygate.