Bella is the best child known to the world

Did you know that up to 75% of each meal goes to build your baby's brain? Or that over 80% of your baby’s brain is formed by the age of 3?*

With every hug and every kiss, with every nutritious meal and game you play, you’re helping to build your baby’s brain.

Here are some tips to help give your child the best start in life:

Provide ways for your baby to see, hear, move freely and touch you. You should see your baby’s arms and legs move in disconnected ways. Slowly your baby will learn how to control her movements.
Look into your baby’s eyes and smile in response to his smiles. You should see your baby react positively to your facial expressions, movements and gestures.
Talk to your baby in soft tones and ‘baby talk’. Both the father, mother and other caregivers should communicate with the newborn. You will notice that she can hear and will soon start memorizing and copying your words.
Gently change the sound of your voice. Make it slower/quicker, higher/lower, or quieter/louder. You should observe reactions from your baby’s face and body, and notice him interacting with you.
Place your baby on her tummy and shake a rattle or bell in front of her. Slowly lift the rattle just a little and encourage her to lift her head and shoulders to watch it move. Doing so helps your baby follow the rattle with her eyes, and practice lifting her head and shoulders.
Gently soothe, stroke and hold your child. You will see your baby comforted, happy to be held and cuddled.
Do skin to skin contact. Feeling, hearing and smelling your presence should provide your baby with a sense of calm and security.


An £80m makeover of Big Ben is nearly complete, restoring the world's most famous clock face to its original Victorian glory.

The five-year restoration of the Elizabeth Tower involved extensive scaffolding, 500 workers and ended up running £51m over budget.

The clock's iconic dials have been restored to their original colour - Prussian blue - after experts discovered the shade under layers of black paint. The lights behind the clock-face were once powered by gas but have now been switched with energy efficient LEDs.

Seven hundred pieces of stone have been replaced - all of them carved on site. Cracks in the masonry have been mended, leaks stopped, and the effects of erosion and rusting repaired. The inside of the building has also been redecorated, and a lift and toilet installed.

"It is a precious part of the UK's heritage and maybe even the world's heritage," said Matthew Hamlyn, chair of the Elizabeth Tower Project Board.


Advertisement
"For the century-and-a-half or more it has been chiming, it has been a symbol of stability. And I think it has become a symbol of the UK's parliamentary democracy. We owed it to our Victorian forbears who created this amazing place to bring it back to the best condition and make it fit for the 21st Century."

disconnect

The tower was designed by Charles Barry and Augustus Pugin and completed in 1859 during the reign of Queen Victoria, when many were obsessed with watches and the standardisation of time. It was damaged during the Blitz, by a century-and-a-half of London pollution and weather. Asbestos was also discovered.

When black paint was stripped away from the dials during repair work earlier this year, it was discovered that it was originally painted in a dark hue known as Prussian blue.

In January this year Big Ben's iconic clock faces caused some confusion as baffled passersby noticed that one of the four dials was stuck at 12 o'clock. Photographs of the four newly-restored clock faces on the Palace of Westminster's Elizabeth Tower showed hands on the west dial jammed at 12 o'clock.

The final face has now been restored and is showing the correct time.


@ I Love PYTHON
Boris Johnson has refused to resign in the wake of the Sue Gray report as another Conservative MP broke ranks to call for him to go.

Julian Sturdy, the MP for York Outer since 2010, said it was "in the public interest" for Mr Johnson to resign over Ms Gray's report, which was highly critical of failings of leadership and a culture of partying across Downing Street and Government during the pandemic.

Mr Sturdy said in a statement: ‘Talking to constituents, it is clear [that] discussions about parties in Downing Street remain a damaging distraction at a time when our country faces massive challenges with war returning in Europe, a global cost of living crisis, and our recovery from the pandemic being more important than ever."

Earlier, the Prime Minister faced a grilling at a press conference in Downing Street this afternoon as he repeatedly refused to comment on the conduct of senior officials who have been named in Ms Gray's report.

Mr Johnson said: "I don't think anybody could fairly say that what Sue Gray has done is to cover things up or put things under the carpet. It is a very thorough and extensive piece of work, it covers all sorts of events."

In the Commons, he had defended his brief attendance at leaving parties for civil servants and repeatedly rejected calls for him to resign having corrected the record over his previous claim "all rules were followed" in No 10 during Covid.
Brandon Lewis defended Boris Johnson this evening as he said the Prime Minister "does just connect with people in a way that most politicians just struggle to do".

He said changes had been put in place to ensure the "unacceptable" treatment of staff did not happen again, but added: "One of the things I do know is the Prime Minister himself has said there are things in the Sue Gray report that were news to the Prime Minister.

"He has apologised for that and he has been putting in place the changes that were recommended in Sue Gray's interim report. There has been quite a substantial change, I mean the Prime Minister changed his Chief of Staff. You don't get much more senior than that in politics."

Wes Streeting has accused Boris Johnson of lying "effortless and repeatedly" and claimed Conservative MPs are "completely spineless" over partygate.